Fix invalid project dir casing breaking Next.js on Windows (#29205)
vercel/next.js: errors/invalid-project-dir-casing.md

> # Invalid Project Directory Casing
> 
> #### Why This Error Occurred
> 
> When starting Next.js the passed directory was in different casing than the casing the directory is actually in on the filesystem.
> 
> This can cause unexpected behavior from failing to resolve files consistently. This can occur when using powershell on Windows and making a typo in a directory's casing while navigating to a project.
> 
> #### Possible Ways to Fix It
> 
> Ensure the actual casing for the directory is used when navigating/starting the Next.js project. Use a terminal other than Windows powershell.
> 
> ### Useful Links
> 
> - [Next.js CLI documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/cli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Invalid Project Directory Casing

#### Why This Error Occurred

When starting Next.js, the current directory is a different casing than the actual directory on your filesystem. This can cause files to resolve inconsistently.

This can occur when using a case-insensitive filesystem. For example, opening PowerShell on Windows navigating to `cd path/to/myproject` instead of `cd path/to/MyProject`.

#### Possible Ways to Fix It

Ensure the casing for the current working directory matches the actual case of the real directory. Use a terminal that enforces case-sensitivity.

### Useful Links

- [Next.js CLI documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/cli)
- [Case sensitivity in filesystems](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Case_sensitivity#In_filesystems)
```
